beef burger

½ tbsp olive oil
1 onion, peeled and finely chopped
1 x 500g pack British Beef Steak Mince 15% fat
1 tsp mixed dried herbs
1 egg, beaten
4 slices mature Cheddar (optional)
4 white rolls
few round lettuce leaves, torn
1 beef tomato, sliced
ketchup, to serve (optional)

Heat the olive oil in a frying pan, add the onion and cook for 5 minutes until softened and starting to turn golden. Set aside.
In a bowl, combine the beef mince with the herbs and the egg. Season, add the onions and mix well. Using your hands, shape into 4 patties.
Cook the burgers on a preheated barbecue or griddle for 5-6 minutes on each side. While the second side is cooking, lay a slice of cheese on top to melt slightly (if using).
Meanwhile, lightly toast the cut-sides of the buns on the barbecue. Fill with the lettuce, burgers and tomato slices. Serve with ketchup, if you like.

https://realfood.tesco.com/media/images/Burger-31LGH-a296a356-020c-4969-86e8-d8c26139f83f-0-1400x919.jpg



Butter Chicken

28 oz (800g) boneless and skinless chicken thighs or breasts cut into bite-sized pieces
1/2 cup plain yogurt
1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 tablespoon minced ginger (or finely grated)
2 teaspoons garam masala
1 teaspoon turmeric
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon red chili powder
1 teaspoon of salt

In a bowl, combine chicken with all of the ingredients for the chicken marinade; let marinate for 30 minutes to an hour (or overnight if time allows).
Heat oil in a large skillet or pot over medium-high heat. When sizzling, add chicken pieces in batches of two or three, making sure not to crowd the pan. Fry until browned for only 3 minutes on each side. Set aside and keep warm. (You will finish cooking the chicken in the sauce.)
Heat butter or ghee in the same pan. Fry the onions until they start to sweat (about 6 minutes) while scraping up any browned bits stuck on the bottom of the pan. 
Add garlic and ginger and sauté for 1 minute until fragrant, then add ground coriander, cumin and garam masala. Let cook for about 20 seconds until fragrant, while stirring occasionally.
Add crushed tomatoes, chili powder and salt. Let simmer for about 10-15 minutes, stirring occasionally until sauce thickens and becomes a deep brown red colour.
Remove from heat, scoop mixture into a blender and blend until smooth. You may need to add a couple tablespoons of water to help it blend (up to 1/4 cup). Work in batches depending on the size of your blender.
Pour the puréed sauce back into the pan. Stir the cream, sugar and crushed kasoori methi (or fenugreek leaves) through the sauce. Add the chicken with juices back into the pan and cook for an additional 8-10 minutes until chicken is cooked through and the sauce is thick and bubbling.

https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/butter-chicken-recipe.jpg